# ESEE-READER :
                           The main objective of this project, is on the view of saving electrical energy by displaying the electricity bill equivalent to the electric energy consumed in terms of watt in the energy meter. This can be achieved by making simple changes in energy meter so that each and every individual can know the exact cost of the electric consumption in their home. 
                           By doing so, even the illiterate people can be able to know the equivalent cost of the electric energy consumed in their homes. By acknowledging, the above mentioned system they can be able to realize the real fact of saving energy and they will start reducing the electric energy consumption in their homes and also they will be able to save their money.
                           Now a days, the energy consumption and energy distribution has become a big subject for discussion because of huge difference in energy consumption. In this regard, energy consumers are facing so many problems due to the frequent power failures another important reason for power cuts is due to the unlimited wastage of power or electric energy. In this aspect, to minimize the power cuts and to reduce the utilization of electric energy. A practical awareness can be created among the people and idea of saving electric energy too.
                           Here in this project we use single phase energy meter for the implementation of our project because most widely we use single phase connection for domestic usage. This project helps to save energy manually by the implementation of the automation system of this project, energy consumed can be measured accurately and the manual work can be reduced by this project. Hence the need has come to think in this line and a solution has to be emerged out.

